so once you get to this stage this cruel
mixture started to come together and I'm
gonna add a touch of lemon zest just a
touch to that perfect well thank you
very much and when I go out my if you
can throw that in there pinch of salt
although it's using for a dessert it's
nice that it's just a pinch of salt to
this pastry and a pinch of sugar so you
can dice up the apples as well well okay
next and throw that in there you only
want a small amount of water to bring
this together just a bit of cold water
you never have too much because you
don't want to unbalance the recipe too
much and we keep bringing this together
oh dear yeah doilies in small dice or we
dice those up into sauce but a
centimeter yeah
nice picture so these are weighed down
as well okay these are gonna break down
what they are correct so I'm gonna leave
this pasty to rest just a touch is if I
roll this out straightaway because I've
worked pastry work the gluten in the
flour I roll it all out it's actually
going to shrink
you got to keep your eye on em you see
and then some sugar this and that sugar
and cinnamon will now I actually don't
like things too sweet and is Daffy doing
a dessert program but I actually don't
like things too sweet and I think that's
the Col mistake when people are cooking
desserts that they put too much sugar in
and too much cinnamon lid on and just
gently cook that now wants to cook for
about sort of about five to six minutes
meanwhile well if you can line our
little molds but line it with a little
bit of softened butter you can do that
and some sugar
right now pastry when you're using
pastry if you don't use too much flour
just a nice dusting what I'm gonna do is
just come out a little circle and the
only do is take our pastry and just pop
it in the bottom doesn't matter whether
the edges have folded up remember this
is quite deep and then really work the
pastry so you've got a lovely case to go
with it now don't worry about these bits
don't trim them off they're really
important for the next bit right now put
the blueberries about halfway through
the cooking of the apples throw those in
bit of egg wash around the edge just
over the top lip really go Oh we'll look
at this great color look at this look at
that
smell that the secret is of this is done
over cookies you don't want an apple
sauce but you just want to taste the
little chunks of apples as well all
right fill them up right to the top as
well because remember this Apple mixture
will actually start to break down a
little bit so take the lid now place
this on the top press in between your
finger and the thumb all the way around
take your knife and just trim around the
edge
you need to put a little yeah I'm gonna
do that well you ahead of the going rate
you heard that going just checking this
will just allow the steam to actually
come out and stop your pastry for them
in soggy
yeah Wells just made these little leaves
to go on the top sprinkle with sugar
these need to go in the oven about 200
degrees centigrade for about 15 to 20
minutes to cook right through